Spring is a DEPENDENCY INJECTION FRAMEWORK.
Spring Framework help to create loosley coupled applications.

Beans - the instance of objects that are managed by Spring.

Autowiring - the process of identifying dependencies and populating them.

IOC Container - includes everything what implements Inversion Of Control.  In Spring it's the Application Context.

1. What is inversion of control
IOC - is the mechanism which is related to how dependencies are
handed to target class. Target class doesn't manage it dependencies,
all the dependencies are managed by bean container (Spring fore
example). Dependencies some from outside. In this way it's easy
to test suche code, to replace the implementations, to have less
coupling, to program with interfaces etc.

2. Dependency injection is a design pattern - the implementation of
IOC. It resolved dependencies using spring container. Container of
beans. Dependency injection allows to comply single responsobility principle
and IOC principle.

3. How to inject bean:
- constructor based
- setter based (if we want to have kind of optional dependency)
- field based

4. Mode of autowiring:
- by Type
- constructor (the same as By Type but constructor is used)
- by Name (setter method, name of field should be the same as name of bean in xml or class name itself)


Spring Transaction Management:
Types of transaction management:
1. Programmatic transaction management.
2. Declarative transaction management.


AOP -  is a programming technique that allows programmers to modularize
some behavior which is used then across different parts of the project.

Aspect - is a module which encopsulates the behavior that should be
executed (loggin aspect for instance).

Concern - behavior we want to implement.
Crosscutting conserns - concerns which are needed everywhere in the project.

Joinpoint - is a point where behavior will be plugged in.
Advice - actual action, actual peace of code that is invoked during
the program execution bye the Spring AOP framework. (before, after, after-returning,
after-throwing, around).

Pointcut - is a set of one or more joinpoints where advice should be executed.
(expressions or patterns are used).





https://mindmajix.com/java-spring-interview-questions - 38 question.
